system-variables: add a warning about tidb_enable_dist_task in v7.1 (#16556)
pingcap/docs: tidb-distributed-execution-framework.md

> **Warning:**
>

> > This feature is an experimental feature. It is not recommended to use it in production environments. When TiDB distribution framework is enabled, if you plan to upgrade TiDB from v7.1.x to v7.5.0 or higher, please ensure that there are no running `ADD INDEX` tasks before the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is an experimental feature. It is not recommended to use it in production environments. When enabling the TiDB backend task distributed execution framework, if you plan to upgrade TiDB from v7.1.x to v7.5.0 or later, ensure that there are no `ADD INDEX` tasks running before the upgrade.
```
